Add Episode 4 Lesson Text (#47)
czi-catalystproject/hub-champion-training: episodes/manage_images.md

(episode-images)=
# Managing Software Images

> teaching: 30
> exercises: 15

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- teaching: 30
exercises: 20 -->
```

:::{grid-item}
Questions

- What software environments are available on the hub?
- How is containerization helpful for my work?
- Is there a way to customise my software environment?

:::

:::{grid-item}
Objectives

- Explain the value of reproducibility with containerized software environments
- Select pre-configured JupyterLab or RStudio containers for their hub
- Pull a custom container for their hub
:::

:::::

## Software for research and education

> Hub users more than likely require specific software packages to carry out their work. Installing software on a laptop significantly differs from installing software on a shared resource such as a hub in the cloud, largely because of different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hub users usually require specific software packages to carry out their work. Installing software on a laptop significantly differs from installing software on a shared resource such as a hub in the cloud, largely because of different
```

::::

## Reproduce software environments with containers

> Containers are a useful technology for overcoming software challenges in reproduciblity, portability and scalability. A container, much like a real-world shipping container, bundles up the software application and its dependencies into a lightweight and standalone package that can be run on any infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Containers are a useful technology for overcoming software challenges in reproduciblity, portability and scalability. A container bundles up the software application and its dependencies into a lightweight and standalone package that can be run on any infrastructure.
```

**Only containers that are compatible with JupyterHub can be pulled into a hub**. To find JupyterHub-compatible containers you can, e.g.

- browse the list of 2i2c-maintained hub images on [Red Hat Quay](https://quay.io/organization/2i2c)
- take a look at [Jupyter Docker Stacks](https://jupyter-docker-stacks.readthedocs.io/en/latest/using/selecting.html)
- take a look at the [Rocker Project](https://rocker-project.org/images/) for R Docker containers (note only the `binder` image is JupyterHub-compatible)
- search Docker Hub for the term "jupyter".

:::{caution}
Anyone can create a container and publicly share it online, therefore it is important to be cautious about downloading this software onto your machine. A few good indicators to look for are

- the image is updated regularly
- the image is authored and maintained by a well-known company or community
- the container is used by many people
- there is an image file provided or metadata listing the exact contents of the container
- documentation is provided on how to use the image.

:::

> An image listed on a container registry may have many different versions associated with it. A `TAG` is used to distinguish these different versions. The name of the container image can also include the `OWNER` (this ). The general format for specifying an image is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An image listed on a container registry may have many different versions associated with it. A `TAG` is used to distinguish these different versions. The name of the container image can also include the `OWNER`. The general format for specifying an image is
```
